About Dataset
Problem background and equipment description
A continuous casting machine (hereafter ‘CCM’) is a unit that transforms liquid steel into solid billets of a given section, from which rolling is subsequently produced (for example, rebars). The mould sleeve is the most critical and quickly worn part of the CCM mould. The sleeve is a water-cooled copper pipe with a round or profile section. The molten metal crystallizes in contact with the sleeve walls, and the primary solid shell of the ingot is formed. The main production issue that comes up during the operation of sleeves is that defects appear on the surface of the copper pipe of the sleeve and distort the profile of its inner cavity. This disrupts the thermal conditions, which in turn affects the quality of the resulting ingots. There can be shape defects (for example, the diagonals of a square ingot become unequal and the so-called ‘rhomboidity’ occurs), the dimensions of the sides can come out wrong, and the ingot corners may develop cracks. These defects lead to further problems in rolling: the decreased quality of products and the number of rejects adversely affect the economic efficiency of production. To prevent this, the sleeve dimensions are measured at certain intervals along the entire length. If these dimensions deviate from the design ones, the sleeve is rejected. Another issue is a shorter useful life of the copper sleeves of the mould used in production. This issue is often associated with a change in the operating parameters of the continuous casting machine itself. Such parameters include temperature of the incoming molten metal, temperature of cooling water and others. The actual useful life of a mould sleeve is often less than that stated by the manufacturer, which again leads to additional equipment downtime and increases the possibility of accidents and extra production costs. The expected useful life in tons should be as follows:

17,000 tons for 180x180,
13,000 tons for 150x150.
Data acquisition
In the course of CCM operation, the automatic control system that runs the process of casting ingots creates a database of casting parameters. The collected parameters are averaged data for all the strands in each cast; the only thing that differs is the resistance of the sleeve for each strand. After removing the mould sleeve for inspection, the initial data on the process parameters of casting, the geometry of obtained ingots and other attributes can be uploaded from the SCADA. The data were collected from a real production facility but after that they were processed, cleared, aggregated and prepared by the authors to solve the RUL problem.

RUL column
This column is formed from the column "resistance, tonn" where for each sleeve, num_crystallizer and num_stream from the highest resistance (moment of breaking) current value is subtracted.

Tasks
The main task, based on the dataset, was to develop a model for determining the remaining useful life in tons, or remaining casts, of the crystallizer sleeve (the ‘RUL problem’). It is recommended to solve the problem for each cast from the first to the last minus one. However, in addition to solving the RUL problem, it is always important for production to tackle the task of determining the main factors that influence the reduction and extension of the remaining useful life. This is relevant because many sleeves fail to operate up to the expected useful life, indicated above. To this end, you may want to set yourself to solve the following tasks:

identify the factors that affect the remaining useful life,
develop recommendations on how to increase it,
compare the performance of sleeves that have and have not had the target resistance and determine the parameters that brought this about.